---
title:  "Watches"
subtitle: "The Bigger the better?"
author: "Wferr"
avatar: "img/authors/zhy.png"
image: "img/c.jpg"
date:   2018-02-02 12:12:12
---

### Test Ckm?
J.K. Rowling

Harry Potter

The Chamber of Secrets
?For Seán P. F. Harris,
getaway driver
and foul-weather friend.  

### Test Ckm.
Chapter One     The Worst Birthday

Not for the first time, an argument had broken out over breakfast at number four, Privet Drive. Mr. Vernon Dursley had been woken in the early hours of the morning by a loud, hooting noise from his nephew Harry's room.

“Third time this week!” he roared across the table. “If you can't control that owl, it'll have to go!”

Harry tried, yet again, to explain.

“She's bored ,” he said. “She's used to flying around outside. If I could just let her out at night—”

“Do I look stupid?” snarled Uncle Vernon, a bit of fried egg dangling from his bushy mustache. “I know what'll happen if that owl's let out.”

He exchanged dark looks with his wife, Petunia.

Harry tried to argue back but his words were drowned by a long, loud belch from the Dursleys’ son, Dudley.

“I want more bacon.”

“There's more in the frying pan, sweetums,” said Aunt Petunia, turning misty eyes on her massive son. “We must build you up while we've got the chance… I don't like the sound of that school food…”

“Nonsense, Petunia, I never went hungry when I was at Smeltings,” said Uncle Vernon heartily. “Dudley gets enough, don't you, son?”

Dudley, who was so large his bottom drooped over either side of the kitchen chair, grinned and turned to Harry.

“Pass the frying pan.”

“You've forgotten the magic word,” said Harry irritably.

The effect of this simple sentence on the rest of the family was incredible: Dudley gasped and fell off his chair with a crash that shook the whole kitchen; Mrs. Dursley gave a small scream and clapped her hands to her mouth; Mr. Dursley jumped to his feet, veins throbbing in his temples.

“I meant please'!” said Harry quickly. “I didn't mean—”

“WHAT HAVE I TOLD YOU,” thundered his uncle, spraying spit over the table, “ABOUT SAYING THE M'WORD IN OUR HOUSE?”

“But I—”

“HOW DARE YOU THREATEN DUDLEY!” roared Uncle Vernon, pounding the table with his fist.

“I just—”

“I WARNED YOU! I WILL NOT TOLERATE MENTION OF YOUR ABNORMALITY UNDER THIS ROOF!”

Harry stared from his purple-faced uncle to his pale aunt, who was trying to heave Dudley to his feet.

“All right,” said Harry, ” all right…”